When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  - If you are working with several people : easier to share
  - If you are working on different computers: no need to transfer files from one to the other.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
 Because the remote repository is most likely public, and so contrary to commits on yout local computer that you can do very often to be able to correct bugs or to keep track of what you do, with a remote repository, you want to make sure that the public version works and makes sense for the public/for your team  

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
 	Forks: you make a copy from github to another github. That way you keep the original link with the original version but you can do whatever you want, and when you clone the fork to your computer, the fork is the origin. 

 	Clones: when you copy a github repository to your computer or when you copy another repository from your local computer. It's not just a copy because it keeps the version history.

 	Branches: when you stay on the same repository but try something different than the master. You can always merge the branches afterwards.

 What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
 	So you don't have to many new commits on github that you would then need to compare with your local versions and merge => you are gaining time.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	I would use dropbox or google docs to share the files and I would emails/texts/slacks to discuss the changes. It would be easier because less steps, less technical, but harder to compare the files and to merge them. I'd have to be very careful when mergin the two versions. I could also use a google doc to work at the same time on one file but that's hard to test, and you have to be careful about what the other does.. 
